Hi, and welcome to the first installment of Weekly Python Exercise!

This week, we'll explore the built-in data types, seeing how we can store information in them, and then extract information from them, without having to create a new class.

I want you to create two different functions, collect_places and display_places.  Neither function takes an argument; instead, they will both work with a global variable, "visits".  (I'm purposely keeping quiet about my preferred type for "visits", so that you can think about it a bit.)

The idea is that we want to organize a list of places to which someone has traveled. That is: We'll ask the user to enter, one at a time, a city and country to which they have traveled. The city and country should be separated by a comma. If there is no comma, then the user is given an error message, and given another chance. If the user enters a city-country combination, then this information is recorded, and then they're asked again.  Indeed, the user is asked again and again for a city-state combination, until they provide an empty response. When that happens, the questioning phase ends, and the reporting phase begins.

In the report, we'll want to see a list of all of the places visited, organized by country. That is, we'll get a list of the visited countries, presented in alphabetical order, and for each country, we'll see a list of visited cities, also in alphabetical order.  If the city was visited more than once, then we'll see a number next to its name.

For example, this is how the interaction could look:
    Tell me where you went: New York, USA
    Tell me where you went: London, England
    Tell me where you went: Shanghai, China
    Tell me where you went: Chicago, USA
    Tell me where you went: Beijing, China
    Tell me where you went: Chicago, USA
    Tell me where you went: Beijing, China
    Tell me where you went: lalala
    That's not a legal city, state combination
    Tell me where you went: Boston, USA
    Tell me where you went: <user presses "enter" here>

    You visited:
    China
        Beijing (2)
        Shanghai
    England
        London
    USA
        Boston
        Chicago (2)
        New York
    
You can discuss this at the forum, at https://forum.weeklypythonexercise.com/.  (If you have problems logging in, let me know.)

The test is below.  Note that I'm already using some semi-advanced things in pytest for capturing standard input and standard output.  I've created a "pytest" topic in the forum, where we can discuss what I've done, and how I can improve my tests for you and future cohorts.

I'll be back on Monday with a solution.

Until then,

Reuven
